hi Blake your screen innovations here at
the world headquarters in our lab doing
what I love to do the most and that's
introducing you to our new products
screen innovations behind me I have the
new pure zero edge that's right we're
using the same hard panel that we use
with the Black Diamond zero edge and it
turns out that gives us a lot of
flexibility in fact I just spent a week
in California taking a look at our
competitor screens in one room we had
them lined up one after the other at a
tradeshow
I got to tell you if I was one of our
competitors I'd be pretty concerned
about the new pure white zero edge
because this is absolutely without
question the finest white screen on the
market and it makes a lot of sense if
you think about it because we're
actually able to manage what's called
the grit pattern now this is extremely
important this is how the embossed
pattern on a screen is created with a
proprietary treatment system that we've
developed here at the screen innovations
world headquarters we're able to manage
the pattern down to nine times finer
okay what's that really mean well here's
what it really means
check out the image on the screen right
now we've got a sample of a traditional
white material simply laid across the
top of the pure white zero edge can you
see it obviously you can look at the
depth of field look at how much sharper
the image is because of that nine times
finer grit pattern we're able to give
you a smooth image with depth of field
like no other screen material can that
is what pure zero Edge is all about and
that's what makes it a reference
material for your screening room so pure
zero edge is more than just the image
what about the image it presents in your
room look how sexy that's right
sexy this screen looks with our LED
lighting system you can now create an
ambience in your room based around the
fact that the screen looks so good
you're no longer just having to turn the
lights off and forget that there's a
screen there you want to show it off to
your friends leave the lights on in fact
it actually helps when you're doing a
two three five aspect ratio the LED
lighting actually gives your black bars
a blacker look it actually improves the
contrast to the screen and that's
another great thing about using a pure
in a dedicated screening room so we've
got pure white zero edge and a 1.3 white
gain material we've got pure gray zero
edge and 0.85 gray material we've also
got the Black Diamond zero edge in point
eight one point four and the
super-bright two point seven gain
there's a fit for your project
so again sit down with your screen
innovations professional in your area
and let's find a solution for you